I'm back at it again got the seams first
fairing done on the seams and a good
sand and then we did this scraping it's
been a while since i look because i lost
my shot back died my house back died the
week before and I shot back after 40
years finally gave up he goes and I
thought about this little little tiny I
don't know I'm gonna call him r2 d2 or
something like that for a more sparkle
so we got except I gallon stainless
steel and I got it if you're west coast
person got it at a fred meyer store
which is kind of like a Kmart or walmart
food and hardware little silver gun
really puts up a vacuum i had to add a
slider inlet or exhaust on my sander
because it was pulling too hard and that
was kind of what I think burned out my
other shop back was just too much drag
on the system so I've got a little
slider that I saved off the gooseneck on
the old house vacuum cleaner that I i'll
show you when i get out the the sander
but i've been going around and feeling
spots where like on the last eight we
put on the scarf joint there's a few
little depressions in here and so I've
been marking those up with the colored
pencil and I'll go around and then I'll
pillows in I've been debating about
whether or not to actually put the tape
on the three inch tape and then do the
ferry on both sides or else just put on
a single layer of six ounce cloth and I
think once I get done with the final
fairing on the side which way I'm going
to go I might be over building these
things and I might be
way more work than what I need to be
doing so a lot to think about that but
right now I've got this all marked up
and another thing I've done is go around
and on the corners and stuff specially
down in here there's going to be if i do
glass i will glass these things but all
the fairing and stuff is going to cause
a lot of problems with the dust and
getting down close where I don't want to
ruin my the finish work on my rails so I
protected those with some paint cloth
and then the good tape and I got the
tape bent over into that metal tray that
we cut remember we put a little fellow
45 on that lower inside edge of this
bottom part of the rail so that the
masking tape will fold into it and hide
any any bleed out that wants to run up
under the corner i'll show you that
later when i go pain but now i gotta now
right there's a little bad spot go ahead
and mark that so let me go ahead and do
it I think I wanted to do too is the
edges are a little sharper than what I
like
crap
the rough side and then finish up with
the fine
now give it a lot like nicer edge wine
finished
where I'm happy camper now the
fiberglass tape will roll over this a
lot easier
you want to look down to it makes you
know the where I'm going to use that you
don't have any ups and downs that it's
nice and smooth remember don't get too
anal it's a boat it's going to get
dinged up and once you do this you'll
really never look at it again oh so much
for that
okay i just finished slicing up the trim
which was one of my rails originally of
the the stock i got from eden saw here
when I started the boat and I just
ripped them off into two and they are
they are the same same thickness but
what I wanted to show you is I did this
by myself and you could do it it's nicer
it's easier if you have a friend to help
you but I went and set my table saw and
this thing is I got from my
ex-father-in-law who's passed away years
ago this old craftsman atms table saw
must be I don't know 50 60 years old now
and it still works fine I need a
fingerboard to hold it in tight and you
need a little block at the front here as
you guide it in to keep it from tipping
up the weight as it goes through will
keep it down on the other hand and as
you can see in the distance there I have
a guide the only problem i ran into was
on about the last three feet when the
wood out on the other end started the
bend off I should have stopped walk
around to the other side and pulled it
through but it doesn't look like it's
going to cause any problems you know we
white I'll be able to trim it up but
I've got the good sides the two outsides
were fine and I'm pretty sure pretty
certain that the insides will be okay to
they look pretty consistent all the way
through what I'm not going to have to
run them through any kind of like planar
or anything well I don't even think i'm
going to have to hand plane any bits so
we got that got you this old fence here
is a little gnarly on the end so he's
sometimes have to put a clamp on it to
keep from spreading out traveling but
like i said just a clamp in the front
the little bar here like I said I got my
homemade fingerboard here and then a
little block right here to hold the top
up to keep it from jumping up and down
and then it just passes on through the
table saw now i will take the two pieces
and put them on the side of the barn on
the nails to give them a little bit of
curb but i have to remember you have to
mark inside and outside because the
inside curve on one is the out
site curve on the other one so we need
to mark them so which way you're doing
them so I'll put that in that on the
barn and let them get a pre curve I was
a little worried but first whether or
not these things would be resistant to
the twist is up near the bow I'd held us
another piece up there and it didn't
seem like it wanted to twist in but I
think a little bit everything will twist
fine as long as I prebendant and if
you'll notice it's probably going to be
in the mid 90s today we've had her for
four days of summer now so it'll turn
rainy here probably next week in case
you're wondering